`README.md` and Documentation Update (#2389)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: README.md

#### First Things First

**Use `docker-compose up / down`, not `docker-compose start / stop`**. Otherwise, the container is not properly destroyed and you may experience problems during startup because of inconsistent state.

> You are able to get a full overview of how the configuration works by either running:

Reviewer: Why was the line break removed? The two sentences aren't exactly related and the 2nd sentence has an association to the ordered list that follows.

Author: I will have a look and revert it :)

You can then proceed by creating the postmaster alias and by creating DKIM keys.

``` CONSOLE
$ docker-compose up -d mailserver

$ # you may add some more users

> $ # for SELinux, use -Z

Reviewer: This is a bit weird, in that while it's not output from the previous command, it's a bit weird annotating as a command with `$` as well (which is included in the rendered markdown still).

This also occurs elsewhere in the fenced blocks that have switched to `CONSOLE`.

Author: I agree. Will see what I can do

#### Updating `docker-mailserver`

**Make sure to read the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)** before updating to new versions, to be prepared for possible breaking changes.

``` CONSOLE
$ docker-compose pull
$ docker-compose down

> $ docker-compose up -d mailserver

Reviewer 2: 1. Whats the difference between using BASH / CONSOLE here? I've never seen CONSOLE used before.
2. Adding `$` here makes easy copy/paste harder.

Reviewer: I think it might have been to distinguish between commands and output, it's just for syntax highlighting, so bash is probably fine too.

Author: `CONSOLE` is for displaying "an interactive shell", i.e. when you want to show to people that these commands are to be run in a shell. I disagree that this makes copy-pasting harder - someone who cannot copy a line properly (be it here or elsewhere in the docs) should probably not operate a mail server :D

Reviewer 2: > someone who cannot copy a line properly

I didn't say it's not possible or so, but it makes it harder. You cannot copy / paste these three lines at once. You'll have to paste them somewhere else and remove the `$` or you'll have to copy each line alone.
No big deal in the end, but I would remove them. Leave it as it is if you disagree, no reason to discuss it to death 😉

Author: I will revert to `BASH` in this case, as there is no output from the individual commands. The rendering with `CONSOLE` shows a clear distinction between the command and the output, which is preferred in some situations - but not in this one particularly.

    restart: always
```

### LDAP Setup

> **Note** There are currently no LDAP maintainers mainting LDAP related code. If you encounter issues, please rease them in the issue tracker, but be aware that the core maintainers team will most likely not be able to help you. **We would appreciate and we encourage people to actively participate in maintaining LDAP-related code by becoming a maintainer!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note** There are currently no LDAP maintainers. If you encounter issues, please raise them in the issue tracker, but be aware that the core maintainers team will most likely not be able to help you. **We would appreciate and we encourage everyone to actively participate in maintaining LDAP-related code by becoming a maintainer!**
```

Author: Good catch - thanks!
